API management, add API (#2683)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/skoala/gateway/api/add-api.md

    - Target service: Choose to send the request directly to the back-end service, redirect it to another service, or return the HTTP status code directly.
    - If you select back-end services, you need to set weights. The larger the weight, the more traffic the gateway distributes to the weight.

        ![configuration information](./imgs/config.png)

3. Fill in the policy configuration by referring to the following description (Optional).

>     Supports 12 API policies: load balancing, path rewriting, timeout configuration, retry mechanism, request header rewriting, response header rewriting, Websocket, local traffic limiting, health check, cookie rewriting,access whitelist and global rate limit . For details about how to configure each policy, see [API Policies](api-policy.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Supports 12 API policies: load balancing, path rewriting, timeout configuration, retry mechanism, request header rewriting, response header rewriting, WebSocket, local traffic limiting, health check, cookie rewriting, access whitelist, and global rate limit. For details about how to configure each policy, see [API Policies](api-policy.md).
```

    ![allocation strategy](./imgs/policy01.png)

4. Fill in the security configuration by referring to the following description (Optional).

>     - JWT authentication: The application domain name is configured or disabled
>     - Security authentication: Application domain name configuration or user-defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Auth: Enable Security Auth or customize it.
    - JWT: Enable JWT domain settings or customize it.
```
这种可以照着 UI 写
